Update api_definitions.md (#723)
TykTechnologies/tyk-operator: docs/api_definitions.md

| Keyless (Open)                | ✅        | v0.1           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/httpbin.yaml) |
| Static Bearer Token           | ✅        | v0.1           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/httpbin_protected.yaml) |
| JWT                           | ✅️        | v0.5           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/jwt-auth) |

> | OAuth2 - Client Credentials   | ✅️        | v0.6           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/oauth2/client_credentials.yaml) |

Reviewer: @caroltyk since this one has already an example, maybe we can add back this line and rephrase to explain it's an internal oauth server?

Reviewer 2: @letzya Can you suggest the changes?

| Keyless (Open)                | ✅        | v0.1           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/httpbin.yaml) |
| Static Bearer Token           | ✅        | v0.1           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/httpbin_protected.yaml) |
| JWT                           | ✅️        | v0.5           | -        | [Sample](./../config/samples/jwt-auth) |
| Tyk OAuth2 Provider           | ✅️        | v0.6           | Tyk is the [OAuth2 authorization provider](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/oauth-2-0/#option-2---use-the-tyk-oauth-flow) | [Client Credentials flow sample](./../config/samples/oauth2/client_credentials.yaml) |

> | OAuth2                        | -        | -           | JWT Auth is recommended. See details [here](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/openid-connect/) | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OAuth2                        | -        | -           | JWT Auth is recommended. See the [documentation](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/openid-connect/) for details | |
```

Reviewer: It's better for SEO not to use "here" and to explain what this link is about

> | OpenID Connect                | -        | -              | JWT Auth is recommended. See details [here](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/openid-connect/) | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OpenID Connect                | -        | -              | JWT Auth is recommended. See the [documentation](https://tyk.io/docs/basic-config-and-security/security/authentication-authorization/openid-connect/) for details | |
```
